# Task 0002: Create pull request for your holiday functions

GitHub has a feature called pull requests that make it easier for an instructor
or your peers to review your code and leave feedback. We are going to use pull
requests extensively throughout this term, including for the 12 Days of
Christmas programming lab.

So this is a warm up.

In this document, we will use the github.com interface to open the pull request,
but you may use GitHub Desktop or any other method that feels most comfortable.

## Step 1

Go to your repo on github.com.

## Step 2

Click the "Add file ▾" button. A dropdown will appear. Click "Upload files", as
shown in the following screenshot:

![](https://github.com/gabalafou/zebracorn/assets/317883/fbe2ce59-5ebb-4fb2-80b2-a9b3ab2fa881)

## Step 3

This should take you to a form where you can upload a file.

Before uploading your file, rename it to `holiday_functions.py`. The name is
important. It will make your teacher's life a lot easier if everyone uses the
same name for the file.

Then use the UI to upload your file. After the file has uploaded, you will add a
commit message and a branch name.

You enter the commit name in the first text box under "Commit changes." It can
be anything you want, but something descriptive like "Upload
holiday_functions.py" should be good. 

Next--❗️**this is super important**❗️--click the second option, the one labeled
"Create new branch for this commit and start a pull request." If you don't
select this option, the pull request will not be created, which is the whole
point of this task.

Give your branch a descriptive name like "holiday-functions" and then click the
green "Propose changes" button.

![screenshot showing the form filled out correctly according to the above
instructions](https://github.com/gabalafou/zebracorn/assets/317883/1132b330-c0ed-405f-8905-2aa6851757ca)

## Step 4

This will take you to the "Open a pull request" form. 

Scroll down to check that the code from your file is in the pull request form.
If it's not, that means you did something wrong and need to retrace your steps.

But if all is good, click the "Create pull request" button.

![screenshot of Open pull request
form](https://github.com/gabalafou/zebracorn/assets/317883/433cd32e-7979-4a38-9f17-07372a93fc04)

## Step 5

You will then be taken to the page for the pull request. Notice the URL in the
browser. GitHub's URLs are very consistent. You can always find pull requests at
a URL with the following pattern:

```
https://github.com/<user>/<repo>/<pull>/<number>
```

From this page, you might be able to choose me (gabalafou) as a reviewer.

On the right side of the pull request page there is a section labeled
"Reviewers". On the same line there is a gear ⚙️ icon. Click on that icon and
try to add me.
